You bitch
He killed Xiuyuan 6 years ago
Now you want to pester Yan Ting again, right?
How shameless of you!
Can you tell me first?
Qin Yanting's relationship with you
Why do he and Xiuyuan look so similar?
Is he Xiuyuan?
He is another child of Aunt Ji
But he didn't know Xiuyuan at all
I don't know anything about Xiuyuan
Why not?
They are twins.
I divorced his father early when I was a child
The two children were raised separately
One grew up in the country
A person who grew up abroad
It's normal not to know
This world
Could there be such a coincidence?
Coincidence is not necessarily
Su Ran, I think you have a premeditated plan
What do you mean?
You know best what it means.
Auntie, um, you don't know this woman?
I deliberately said next to Yan Ting that she looks like Xiuyuan
She said that her child is from Xiuyuan
And he also falsified the paternity test
Let Yan Ting think that he is Xiuyuan
Then I recognized him as a scumbag
Auntie, do you think this woman is crazy?
Hey
Su Ran, I didn't expect you to achieve your goal
By any means
I'll tell you what.
You have already killed one of my sons
I can't let you hurt Yanping again
You earn so much, isn't it just a small amount of money?
Two conditions to resign and leave Shengfeng
And never let me see you again